Txt + meta (#38)
rond-authz/rond-authz.github.io: pages/docs.md

layout: page
title: Documentation
permalink: /docs/

> meta_description: Rönd Documentation:A developer guide to get started with the OSS open source authorization security enforcement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
meta_description: Rönd Documentation is a developer guide to get started with the OSS authorization security enforcement.
```

oss means open source software, hence "OSS open source" is a repetition
